First, the 2nd class, For Lettuce
This is the
He shows himself laboring in amazing
I have never seen a invented masterpiece
The next student stands behind the stupid
There are no l Phoenix sits down or
The leader of the Chichikoku, the head of the Echizen, the head of the Rikita, the leader of the Shibata, the leader of the Nogeshuri, the leader of the Minamoto,
the head of the Hanadairo, the two Karigane,
and I, the great leader of the Bokun,
and the head of the Iwanubakari,
bowed down a little and said to the left-hand man,
Jyoshu Mayabashi, the leader of the Kuwana, the leader of the Ryogu, the leader of the Kenta, the leader of the Tachigawa,
and the leader of the Otomo,
and the two Ikeda Takayama, the leader of the Nakagawa Otake,
and the great leader of the Honko,
and the two Sanrei, the leader of the Hapkyaku,
and the two Kakiya, the leader of the Daimon,
and the two Daitokuji, the leader of the Daioh,
and the two Murasaki, the leader of the Kokinran,
and the two Hossu, the leader of the Sokeien,
and the two Usoujo, the leaders of the Sokeien,
and the two Ippon, the Daigang, the Gengen, the Daikoji,
and the two Sanrei,
and the two Jyokunen, the famous people of the 49th year,
and the two Lombos, the Karigane,
and the eight Fuki, the Kori, the Baika, the Henkai, the Kaoru,
and the great leader of the Shoryu, the Great Leader of the Shokou,
and the one of the Honkai, the leader of the Nagamakama,
and the great leader of the Shokou,